hello all welcome to what is
android and well then today I'm going to
show a very simple tutorial very
practical and safe you will love it and so
it's deadly kombat x for android ya
it was time for us to touch
what exists have the great of your game
just for them and for computers and
other consoles so now because today we
touches us the first thing we're going to
do good and will follow the description of
video I'll leave you
what is the data or bb of the game and the
apk
and there are going to be many links because
it's going to be several engines one of them
good just closed the door one
of them is this
like llama smalling integrates or adreno that
is the one that I have on my motorcycle gp for
that we are going to occupy what sp z is a
application that is free on the place
thor
weighs 1 weighs less than 2 megabytes and good
here we will have qualcomm snapdragon
1.19 come to exercise here you will have what
that is working two cpu and here what
what we care about is here in gpu or render
where I'm marking because why not
there is adreno tells us and father not you m 305
450 better you exercise that nothing else is what
import
we also need to have a ram giga
or more since it's a game that goes
requires several bone graphics
what
goes to what is asking too much with the
graphics that's why we need a
come over ram
another thing that we have to have is what
what is this a file explorer or
a file manager as you want
call in this case is ruth explorer my
favorite you can also install
star that is the explorer
in my case I'm not good rod
explorer and good once downloaded the
application that said crosshead is
they go they fix there which they have and already they go to
the description of the video to download the
files it is advisable that what
download by computer bet that
by cell phone is very bag now is going to be
very slow because I'm telling you because I have
discharged 82 heavy on the in the
cellular and yes it's going too slow and
well I did it with my computer
from mozilla firefox and good better
let's start once downloaded and
step to the computer we are going to set
to what is in configuration we are going to
go to what is
first let's go to what is
security where this security
let's see, let's see, we'll stay
here is security let's go towards
down
where it says unknown sources or
Unknown origins
we are going to mark it with a little do
let's activate like this we can already like this already
we can have accessibility to the
all applied to install them
another thing we have to do is if
tell us about the device in some
cases the programmer's options
already they are already
what is it called and they are activated by
default but in this case I motorola not
we are going to go to what is number of
compilation and we're going to press the
seven times in my case already and we 're going to
go to the programmer's options
we debug usb enabled it and
Once we enabled you are going to give in
accept I should cancel it because I
I already have it here we go to what we are going to
pass the files to what is this to
where we want we will go to my case
ruth explorer and here we are going to have all
the partners that I have in memory we're going
to have this one that matters to us
there is this one that matters to us
which I have marked with a check mark with
dot o point og
mk x this one we are going to move to what is
here
let's move it
we leave it pressed move we go to
go to the android folder or bb and we're going
to give in
move here
of this one
I'm going to leave it without two already
decompressed rather since
I suppose it will also take a long time
and now we are going to go to what is the apk
that I have it here and we're going to give it there
through good packages you do not
this will appear but those who have
those who have road explorer if
since it is normal for road explorer
that the one who asks for that we will give in
install here good here tells us all
the permissions that you want to have
Equis we show how we are going to
install
We waited a bit to be the
installation
well I think I'm going to pause the video
not very well already finished what is the
installation let's see what I have here
what is mortal kombat x let's see what
what is this great game
this competitive file
socially and you can submit under
good performance that's why you do not have to
worry is just a warning not
I think it happens to us nothing bad yes good
Here we will automatically what
is this connect in the google play and
well let's wait for it to load
normally all good this one I've already
come back again and well we're going to
watch
sorry for the good interruption
there is the screen to attack
and let's see that we have diseased corp
Jon and cons but keep pressure
why
well there we can do what are the
types of specials what are the
special abilities but if not in
fatality good the fatality does it
automatically we just have to continue
a series of patterns either slide
touch or anything else in this case
it's just to perform and then we see that it
cuts a lot the face is not and what is
this what is
I do not know if I can I do not think I see it
I think I'm going to omit that part what
that's what I'm going to make it blurry
put what
I do not want youtube to remove the video
since it is a very good video and therefore
well that was everything I hope you
have liked you already know that if you liked it
they can not leave a little hand up
subscribe and comment if you so being
it worked for you so tell me what you get
fail and as good as I am I am re
android and I hope it has served you
this chao tutorial